Timeline content draft: 

Going to college.
Essential results:
Got strong basics in math, algorithms and understanding of how main programming contructions works.
Got understanding of database working principles, sql basics.
Wrote first javascript game as a homework and got interested particullary in web-developing.
Got great mates to exchange expirience and knowledge with.
Got honours degree (which certainly will open a lot of hidden opportunities in the future)
Description:
College hadn't given relevant technical knowledges, good programming skills, which i can get a job with or even pre-intermediate English level, as it was expected when entering. Most of the time soi-disant studing was demotivating and good teachers could be counted on fingers. Knowing nothing about real IT world was the reason, which made most students bored and dissapointed. What made progress running is communication between self-motivated students, creating improvised pet-projects and gaining all by yourself. What was the most important is never stop searching. That was the time of studying in college. Also college gives great soft, diplomatic skills, improves patience and perseverance.


Getting first IT job (product company).
Essential results:
Created a bunch of e-mail letters' markup.
Got first web-pages in production created by myself.
Acquaintance with CMS MODX.
Got great experience working with designers while developing new pages to company's website.
Having a responsibility to manage web-site's content.
Description:
It was a great opportunity to have IT start and the experience was gold. As a student i was extremely happy to have these responsibilities and try to fulfill them with dignity.


Getting job in outsource.
Essential results:
Deal with a lot of new knowledge everyday.
Got high-responsibility tasks.
Communication improvements.
Description:
When gets a job in a large outsource company it seems like entirely new level. You have to challange yourself every day. It can be extremely interesting and it can be extremely exhausting. You will find out that you have lack of skills or knowledge anyway and you are deciding what to do with it.

Keep going.
